How to/manage notifications (#17)
icure/medtech-docs: sdks/how-to/how-to-manage-notifications.md

an operation.  
As for now, there are three types of Notifications:

* **KEY_PAIR_UPDATE**: when a Patient loses their private key and gets a new one, they can send this type of Notification to a Healthcare Professional to ask them to share their data with them again.
* **NEW_USER_OWN_DATA_ACCESS**: when a Patient logs in for the first time, they can send this type of Notification to a Healthcare Professional to aks for access to their own data.
* **OTHER**: all the other use cases.

:::note

To perform the following operations, we suppose you have at least a Patient and a Healthcare Professional in your database.

:::

## Creating a Notification

In the following example, a Patient creates a Notification for a Healthcare Professional communicating that they have a new
 key and need access to their data.

<!-- file://code-samples/how-to/manage-notifications/index.mts snippet:create a notification as patient-->
```typescript
const accessNotification = await patientApi.notificationApi.createOrModifyNotification(
  new Notification({
    type: NotificationTypeEnum.KEY_PAIR_UPDATE,
  }),
  hcp.id,
)
```

:::note

The default status of a Notification is `pending`

> :::

Reviewer: I think it would be better to have a small section about the lifecycle of a notification:
Initially a notification will be `pending`, when an hcp sees it and starts processing will be `ongoing`, ...

Author: I'll add an explanation with a diagram

## Retrieving a Notification

### Retrieving a Notification Using its Id

In the following example, a Patient creates a Notification for a Healthcare Professional and then retrieves it using its
 id.

<!-- file://code-samples/how-to/manage-notifications/index.mts snippet:creates a notification, then retrieves it-->
```typescript
const createdNotification = await patientApi.notificationApi.createOrModifyNotification(
  new Notification({
    type: NotificationTypeEnum.OTHER,
  }),
  hcp.id,
)

const retrievedNotification = await patientApi.notificationApi.getNotification(
  createdNotification.id,
)
```

### Retrieving Notifications Using Complex Criteria

If you want to retrieve a set of Notifications that satisfy complex criteria, you can use a Filter.  
In this example, a Healthcare Professional filters all their Notifications that were created after a certain date.

<!-- file://code-samples/how-to/manage-notifications/index.mts snippet:creates after date filter-->
```typescript
const startTimestamp = new Date(2022, 8, 27).getTime()

const afterDateFilter = await new NotificationFilter()
  .forDataOwner(user.healthcarePartyId)
  .afterDateFilter(startTimestamp)
  .build()
```

> :::note
> 
> You can learn more about filters in the how to
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
There is no general filter how to, at least currently

Author: Is not the one Lisa is writing?

After creating the filter, is it possible to use it to retrieve the Notifications.

<!-- file://code-samples/how-to/manage-notifications/index.mts snippet:gets the first page of results-->
```typescript
const notificationsFirstPage = await api.notificationApi.filterNotifications(
  afterDateFilter,
  undefined,
  10,
)
```

> The `filter` method returns a PaginatedList, that contains at most the number of elements stated
> in the method's parameter. If you do not specify any number, the default value is 1000.
> If there are more Notifications to be retrieved, then the `startKeyDocId` provided in the response will not be null,
>  and you can use it to retrieve the following page of entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `filter` method returns a PaginatedList, which contains up to `limit` Notifications in the `rows` field, as specified by the method parameter (1000 by default).
If  the PaginatedList has a non-null field `startKeyDocId` there are more notifications which can be retrieved with this filter: you can use this value to retrieve (part of) the remaining notifications.
```
